---
layout: post
title:  "Google Play, Apple App Store may take shut down Tik Tok anytime soon in India"
categories: [ Tech News ]
author: rahul
image: https://cdn.andrimo.com/technews/images/tiktok.jpg
---

Madras high court earlier within the month urged the central government to ban Tik Tok in Bharat over the reports of intense circulation of vulgar content on its video sharing platform and therefore the most serious charge embody kids obtaining access to those age-inappropriate clips.

On Monday (April 15), Tik Tok urged Supreme Court to place a be ban order, however the previous pink-slipped the petition however proclaimed a follow-up hearing on April twenty two to review the result of the review petition in Madras court slated for hearing later nowadays (April 16).

"As per the proceedings within the Supreme Court nowadays, the Madras supreme court can hear the matter on ex parte ad interim order. The Supreme Court has listed the matter once more for April twenty two, 2019, to be apprised of the result of the hearing on the April sixteenth, 2019 before the Madurai Bench of Madras supreme court. At TikTok, we've got religion within the Indian scheme and therefore the stipulations afforded to social media platforms by the knowledge Technology (Intermediaries Guidelines) Rules, 2011. we tend to ar committed to incessantly enhancing our existing measures and introducing extra technical and moderation processes as a part of our in progress commitment to our users in Bharat. In line with this, we've got been stepping up efforts to require down objectionable content. To date, we've got removed over half-dozen million videos that profaned our Terms of Use and Community tips, following Associate in Nursing thorough review of the content generated by our users in Bharat," Tik Tok aforementioned to International Business Times, Bharat Edition.

As a double whammy, now, Ministry of natural philosophy and data Technology (MeitY) has asked prime mobile leaders Apple and Google to require down the Tik Tok from their several App Store for iOS and Google Play for golem platforms, reportable The Economic Times.


As of now, Tik Tok continues to be obtainable for transfer on each the platforms, however it will not be for long. it's being aforementioned that people who have already put in the app, they'll still use it, however new users will not be able to notice Tik Tok on app stores in coming back days.

However, Tik Tok as already brought in rigorous rules to curb aforesaid villainous activities additionally to protective kids from predators and thwarting cyberbullying with a self-defined filter to prevent users from posting vulgar and abusive messages within the comment section.


With the assistance of content moderation technology and a sturdy human moderation team, the corporate has deleted six million videos for violating its Terms of Service, Privacy Policy and Community Policies, since Gregorian calendar month 2018. If the user could be a serial wrongdoer, his or her users' accounts are terminated that. This team, that is predicated in over twenty countries and regions together with Bharat, covers major Indian languages, together with Hindi, Tamil, Telugu, Bengali, Gujarati and a lot of.

Also, Tik Tok has brought in age-limit to access the video-sharing app. solely users WHO ar thirteen years or higher than to login and make Associate in Nursing account on TikTok and it's additionally incorporated extra safety mechanisms to confirm that underage users don't use the platform.


Tik Tok is predicted to unharness a follow-up statement once the Madras supreme court announces the decision on the review petition. keep tuned for up to date updates.
